- Previously on "The
Company You Keep"...
- So what do you do?
- I'm a yoga instructor.
You?
- Oh, me?
Pageant queen turned rocket scientist.
- Mm.
- My son was impressed
with your offer.
- How did you say you and Connor
came to know one another?
- Oh, I didn't.
- I can't believe
we pulled that off.
- Did you get it?
- Of course I got it.
- I'm thinking we keep
these for the honeymoon.
- Can you hand me
the cold wallet?
- She lied to me
about who she was.
Maybe we just stay
here, do this.
- Fantasy is one thing, Charlie.
Reality is another.
- I wanna take you on that date.
- Daphne Finch.
Maguire brought her in
as a kind of consultant.
- You owe us the 10
million you stole,
plus an additional five.
Let's call it the
cost of getting
Mr. Maguire out of prison.
Get to stealing, Charlie.
- Let's start the
bidding at $100,000.
Do I have $100,000? $100,000.
- Okay, team, this place is
practically swimming with marks.
First one to find one
gets a drink on me.
- We own a bar,
Charlie. Nice try.
- $160,000.
Going once.
- Got your eyes on anyone?
- Bidder next to
me says he works
for the Malaysian
advancement fund.
- That's interesting.
Just talked to the guy's driver.
Says his boss is
flying to the Maldives
later this afternoon.
- I wonder what he likes better,
the beaches or their
non-extradition policy.
- He also hasn't bid
on a single item.
My guess is, he's waiting
for the big showstopper.
- Same goes for the
guy on your left.
- Hey, Bird, what's the
story on paddle 362?
- Well, whoever he is, he
checked in under an alias.
Probably because he works
for the Sinaloa cartel.
- We're knocking
off cartels now?
- Well, as long as we're in
the hole for $15 million.
- Hey, guys, stealing
for other people sucks.
- ♪ That's what I want ♪
- Hey, Charlie, what
happened to tapping me
into their routing system?
- Yeah, I'm on it.
- ♪ Money ♪
- ♪ That's ♪
♪ ♪
- Hey, man, Stephen says
he needs you backstage.
He looks pissed.
- Who's Stephen?
- You're joking, right?
- ♪ Oh, oh ♪
- ♪ That's what I want ♪
- ♪ Oh, oh, oh, oh ♪
♪ Uh-huh ♪
♪ Whoa, yeah ♪
- We are live. Thank you.
- ♪ Give me money ♪
- You all right there, pal?
- My boss is have me driving
their dog, Duchess, around.
Didn't want her to get on my ass
for being covered in slobber.
- Who's your boss?
- Name's Ellsworth.
A real pair of
peacocks, those two.
- Next up, our final lot:
a black diamond necklace
rumored to have belonged
to the Romanovs.
Our starting bid is $300,000.
Do I have $300,000?
$300,000. $300,000.
How about $325,000?
$325,000.
Can you surprise
me with $350,000?
$350,000.
- I can't stand the suspense.
Which one of these
crooks are we gonna rob?
- We got $375,000.
Can you beat that with $400,000?
$400,000.
Going once.
Going twice.
- $500,000.
- The bid was $425,000.
But for you, it's a bargain.
- Sold for half a million even.
- Oh, that's weird.
So the funds are being wired
into a numbered shell corp.
- Why is that weird?
- Because the name
of the company
is Duchess Incorporated.
Isn't that the
name of their dog?
So the buyer and the
seller are the same person,
Claude Ellsworth, former
ambassador to Russia.
And before that, he made
a mint in the oil biz.
- There's only one reason
a guy sells himself
a necklace he already owns.
- To launder it.
- Bingo.
- Well, it's probably a
kickback from the Kremlin.
It says here that
Ellsworth helped lift
Russian energy sanctions.
- That's our corrupt buyer?
- Oh, come on.
Don't judge a crook
by their cover, Mom.
- They're holding you here
on some old weapons charge
because they know
they can't make
a RICO case stick.
- Care to know what
I ate for breakfast?
- It is only a matter
of time before they...
- Boiled eggs and powdered milk.
But it's not just me that's
lacking in nourishment, is it?
There's the matter of
our revenue stream,
all dried up now that
we're down $10 million,
with no distribution hub.
- Yes, I am aware. And I...
- There's also the
matter of our rivals,
who now know we're
on the FBI's radar.
And God knows who else's.
- So we use that
to our advantage.
Lure our enemies out by making
ourselves look vulnerable.
- We are vulnerable.
Maybe I should call in Connor.
- Maybe you should.
Need I remind you?
He is the reason you're in here.
Perhaps if your son spent
less time in the gym
and more time vetting
that warehouse deal...
- It was Connor's deal,
but it was all part
of your grand plan.
- Then let me see it through.
I will figure out a way
to keep the lights on
and platform our expansion.
- Maguire met his lawyer.
So what?
- She's not his lawyer.
This Daphne woman
knows we're watching,
which is why she's
using the veil
of attorney-client privilege
to conspire with him.
- Sounds speculative.
- Deductive, actually.
- Well, last I checked,
Connor Maguire is
the heir apparent,
and he's...
- Back in Belfast, I know.
- Which means the Maguires
are no longer pursuing
their East Coast expansion.
- That's what they
want us to think.
The fact that this
Daphne woman's
still in town says otherwise.
Get me coverage on her hotel,
and I'll prove they're
playing possum.
- You wanna plant a
bug on a U. S. citizen
with no record and two
Ivy League degrees?
- A US citizen who's
risen in the ranks
of a transnational
crime syndicate.
Is that a yes?
- What, like you were gonna
take no for an answer?
- The woman doesn't take
a bad photo, does she?
So we working late
tonight or what?
- Why? You got
another hot date?
- No. But apparently you do.
Auto reminder popped
up on your screen:
reservation at Chez Marcel.
Oh, okay.
Do tell.
First date?
- Technically, yes.
But also no.
It's complicated.
- Wait, is this the
guy you hooked up with
after Kevin?
Wow.
Good for you.
- What do you mean, good for me?
- For dating your rebound.
I think it's really brave, girl.
- Sure you don't
want that drink?
- Still fine, thanks.
But, uh, you might
wanna get that guy
another gin and tonic,
because she's about to dump him.
Thanks.
- Giving up on me already?
Hey.
- I didn't hear from you.
- I know. I'm late.
I was at work with my family.
It won't happen again.
Please.
- Everything okay
with your family?
- Yeah. You know, just some...
work stuff.
- You guys run a
bar together, right?
- Yeah.
- That must be a lot.
- How do you mean?
- Mixing family and business?
Not always the best cocktail,
at least where I'm from.
- Yeah, it, um, gets
messy sometimes.
What about you?
I don't think I ever
got a straight answer
about what it is
you do for a living.
- You didn't?
- I didn't.
- Um, I'm a data analyst
at a logistics firm.
It's more exciting than it...
- What exactly...
- Hmm?
- Go ahead.
- No, no, please.
- I don't know
exactly what that is,
but is that something
you always wanted to do?
- Mm, not really.
Uh, I got recruited,
actually, after Stanford.
- Wow. Stanford.
Big shot.
- Where did you go?
To college, I mean.
- I didn't.
This is weird.
- Super weird.
- You know, on the plus side,
at least we're not those two.
- He just got dumped.
- Hm.
- Mm.
She said she needs
to find herself,
but really, she's just bored.
- It's a neat trick.
- I like to people watch.
And, well...
- Kept you waiting.
- Yeah, you did.
Do you wanna get out of here?
- Absolutely.
- ♪ If you really wanna know ♪
♪ If I could stand
your brand of love,
♪ Then try me ♪
♪ Why don't you try me? ♪
♪ If you wanna know ♪
- ♪ Then try me ♪
- ♪ Come on and try me ♪
- I'm sorry about that.
- Yeah, you should
get that fixed.
- Yeah?
- ♪ When I'm thrilled by
the warmth of your touch ♪
♪ Baby, don't you know
my soul's on fire ♪
♪ And I need your
loving so much? ♪
- What is it?
- It's my brother.
- Handsome guy.
U.S. Senate, huh?
- Yeah.
He's running for
my dad's old seat.
- Wow.
How do they feel about you
slumming it with a bartender?
Hey, you, um... rain check?
Yeah?
- Yeah.
- Who are you?
- I'm Emma. I live here.
Who are you?
- Oh.
I'm David's new
campaign manager, Doug.
- Don't worry.
She's not a spy.
Pizza?
- Yeah.
I'm starving.
- Emma, darling,
where have you been?
It's almost 10:00.
- Uh, you know what they say:
logistics never sleep.
- One day, you're gonna
have to explain to me
what it is you actually do.
- What's going on?
Everything okay?
- My poll numbers just came in.
- So you're throwing
a pizza party?
- Small bump in the
road. That's all.
- Seems I'm underperforming
in the Seattle suburbs.
- It's because he's unmarried.
No one trusts a
senator who is single.
- Sorry, Mom. I'll
see what I can do
about finding a wife and
kids before the election.
- I haven't seen
your mother like this
since I ran for city council.
I suppose you picked a tough
time to move back home.
- Is there ever an easy
time for a 35-year-old
to move back in
with her parents?
- Sounds rhetorical.
Not touching it.
Look, I'm just
happy you're here.
- Me too.
And in a way, this is
how I think of home.
Every six years, a hurricane
blew through our lives.
- Yeah.
Hurricane Grace.
- This is a critical moment.
- ♪ To all the women ♪
- Here you go, dear.
- I'll take a mojito.
- Well, we don't serve mojitos.
- Easy, Bird.
I got it, Bird.
Yeah.
Sign language.
That's not necessary.
- Well, I just
wanted to make sure
I was being understood.
After all, $15 million
is a lot of money.
- Hey, we're figuring that out.
- When and how much?
- A couple of weeks.
Working on a score right
now that should put
a pretty healthy
dent in the debt.
I'd say mid-six figures.
- You have three days to
make your first payment.
- Look, I'm not getting myself
or my family picked
up just to make good
on your payment schedule.
- Hm.
Try explaining that to
Patrick Maguire's son, Connor.
You remember, the
guy you ripped off,
whose father is now
locked up, thanks to you?
Get me my money by
the end of the week
or I'm calling Connor
to help collect.
- Well, breaking into
the house is easy.
Breaking into this thing...
- Wait, Pop, how did
you get the schematics
to the ambassador's safe?
- Stas works for the
company that installed it.
- Who's Stas?
- Stas?
He's an old friend of your dad.
- We worked together
back at the steel mill.
- I always loved Stas.
He was so sweet.
- I don't suppose he
happened to give you
the code for the safe?
- I wish.
- It's biometric,
opened only with the
owner's thumbprint.
- You know what? I
bet Stas would give us
a thumb, too, if we asked.
- That's Ma with the big ideas.
We're not cutting
off anyone's thumb.
- Suit yourself.
- Wait, so we can't
get into the safe
to steal the necklace.
I mean, we're just gonna
have to flush it out.
I think we pull a
modified green goods scam.
- Is three days enough
time for a job this big?
- It's not entirely impossible.
Remember the cruise ship job?
- You know, at least
the extraction plan
wouldn't involve swimming.
- You guys are never
gonna forgive me
for forgetting to refuel
those Jet Skis, are you?
- No.
- No. Absolutely not.
- Okay. Okay.
So... so how do we
get the Ellsworths
to take their necklace
out of the safe?
- You prey on their vanity.
You guys saw those people.
The only thing that they
care more about than money
is their image.
You just gotta give them
an excuse to peacock.
- This sounds like
a job for Milos.
- I thought we retired Milos.
- No.
You retired Milos
because you were jealous.
- Jealous?
- Yeah, jealous.
- Of you wanting to
make a fool of yourself?
- Are you kidding me?
- Hey, guys, how about we focus?
- Yeah, sorry.
- Sorry, baby.
- You know, I don't entirely
hate Milos for this job.
- Charlie.
Don't encourage him.
- this early in the
election cycle...
- Morning.
- Oh, no, honey.
You gotta wear something
dressier than that.
- Why? I'm headed to work.
- Well, sure,
but right after the
photographer snaps
a few family shots for
David's new campaign.
- Didn't you hear?
Mom's rebranding us as
the next great
political dynasty.
We're the Asian
American Kennedys.
- I prefer to think of them
as the Irish American Hills.
That's good.
Oh, we gotta remember
to put that in the memoir.
- Don't ask.
- While a photo shoot
sounds super fun,
I'm not interested
in being a prop.
- We're all props, dear.
It's politics.
- You want me to help? Fine.
David doesn't have
a suburban problem.
See these zip codes?
They're all predominantly
Asian American.
- That jives with
our numbers on, uh,
your authenticity factor.
- They don't think
I'm Asian enough?
- What if you wear a
hanbok for the photos?
- It's a little
on the nose, Mom.
- The Kennedys never wore kilts.
- I'm leaving.
You're welcome.
- The Kennedys weren't Scottish.
- I don't like it, Charlie.
The risks that she's
forcing us to take.
- Look, you don't have
to be a part of this
if you don't want to.
Paying Daphne back
is on me, all right?
I messed that one up.
- You're such a drama queen.
Just because I don't
like it does not mean
I'm bailing on you.
It's not like you're
the first Nicoletti
to get blinded by love.
At least you didn't marry Tina.
- At least Simon didn't
take us for $10 mil.
- Tina conned me too.
I don't know, I
think I wanted, like,
at least one of us to
have what Mom and Dad do.
- Yeah, it's annoying how
high they set the bar, huh?
- Well, you know, at
least we got each other.
I mean, just
realistically speaking.
- You think so?
- Yeah.
- Kid's got skills.
- Don't.
- What's this?
- It's the hotel where
Daphne's staying.
I followed her home.
No one messes with my kid.
- So she knows our
vulnerabilities,
it's only fair we
know hers, right?
- That's it right there.
Hey, what happened to my scarf?
Okay,
I thought we said 3:00.
- Did you mean today, Milos?
- Well, I'm here.
- I can get you in as
soon as I'm through
with Mrs. Ellsworth.
- Lucky for you, Sandy,
those magical hands of yours
are worth the wait.
So I'll wait.
- Oh, no.
- What?
What is it?
- General Petraeus and
his wife just canceled.
Food poisoning.
- And to think I could
have been at Fashion Week.
- What about the Obamas?
- Out of town.
- The AG and his wife?
- I'd rather shoot
a bowl of dog food.
- Oh, God. There
must be someone.
- Who? A power
couple with a home
worthy of an arts and style page
in less than 24 hours?
I doubt it.
- I don't mean to eavesdrop,
but I think I might know
the perfect home:
mine.
- Maintenance.
How's that code coming?
- Just a second.
Any luck?
- I'm in.
How long ago did you
say she checked in?
- A week ago, and
housekeeping says
Daphne hasn't let
anyone in since.
- You wouldn't know.
Place is spotless.
God, this woman is a robot.
Clever.
Clever, clever, clever.
Location number six,
Wednesday, 9:00 a. m.,
Mr. C. Location number...
This whole thing is encrypted.
- Disciplined and paranoid.
That's perfect.
- Oh, hang on a minute.
Hang on a minute.
Look at this.
I'm sending you
something right now.
See a resemblance?
- I'm guessing that's her mom.
- At least we know she's human.
She's here.
- What?
- I'm in. You copy?
- I copy.
- What's going on, Charlie?
Charlie.
Housekeeping!
Housekeeping.
Okay, Charlie, get to the door
of the adjoining suite, now.
- Where'd you rush off to?
Second date?
- Uh, we didn't
eat, so technically,
it doesn't count as a date.
Well, technically,
anything more than two dates
means that you have to report
an external contact form.
Update your relationship status.
- It's not a relationship.
- Company rules, not mine.
- I don't know what it is.
It's... it's like you
said. It's a rebound.
- This is why I only
have one-night stands.
You don't want them
getting all clingy,
asking you about your family,
tell you their life story.
Are you hearing me?
- I'm hanging up now.
- Oh, boy, didn't even make it
into the restaurant this time.
- See what happens
when you're on time?
- Yeah, well, eventually,
we're gonna have to upgrade
to someplace with walls.
- Gonna have to be your place,
'cause I live with my parents.
- Hey, how's that
going, by the way?
I mean, living with your family
after being away for so long.
- It's, uh, not
without its challenges.
- Oh, yeah? How so?
Your folks are anything like
mine, made for each other,
stupid in love?
- Look, we don't
need to do this.
- Do what?
- Put pressure on this to be
anything more than what it is.
- I'm sorry. What is this?
- Two emotionally
unavailable people
with a strong
physical connection
clearly on the rebound.
Come on, Charlie.
We met and hooked
up within hours
of our last
relationships blowing up.
You don't think this
is all a bit fast?
- No, I...
I think sometimes you
meet the right person
at the wrong time.
Where is all this coming from?
- I'm just calling
it like it is.
- No, I... I think you're
throwing a grenade into this
because you're scared.
Tell me I'm wrong.
Believe me, I know that trick.
- I get that you think
you know me or whatever,
but the truth is, you don't.
Don't pretend like you do.
- Okay, so step one:
we infiltrate the Ellsworths
by posing as a photography crew.
- There she is, my muse.
- Get her out of here, Ludwig.
Unless the whole world wants
to see us covered in slobber.
- ♪ Every time
I try to speak ♪
♪ I wanna tell you
that I dig you ♪
♪ But every time I try ♪
- Milos, we're losing the light.
- Right this way, Madam.
- If they're as vain
as we think they are,
Mrs. Ellsworth will
not be able to resist
wearing the necklace.
Step two: intercept it
between her neck and the safe.
- Darling, don't
forget my necklace.
- Given what I
paid, how could I?
- Now, Bird, you're gonna
be on hair and makeup.
I want you to be the
one making the switch
between the real
necklace and the ringer.
- Here, let me.
- You'll have to excuse
Ludwig, but I'm afraid
that no one's allowed to
touch the necklace but us.
- Insurance companies.
Such a bore.
- Mm-hmm.
- How's it going?
Please tell me
you've got something.
- Judging by the
tone of your voice,
I guess the date didn't go well.
Did you at least
get some action?
- What do we have?
- Uh, sadly, nothing.
Not a single visitor
or a phone call.
It's weird, actually.
- What if Cas was right?
Maybe they really
have gone dark.
Maybe she's just here
tying up loose ends.
- Yeah, 'cause the
only crime I'm seeing
is someone as good-looking
at this woman with zero life.
She's objectively attractive.
- Emma, you've got a code green.
- What?
- Your brother.
He's in the lobby.
- David, what a surprise.
You should have called. I
could have met you somewhere.
- I realized yesterday I've
never visited you at work.
- Thank you for the coffee.
It's just, I've
got this project,
and now's really
not a good time.
- Okay, yeah. I'll take off.
I just... you know, I wanted
to talk to you about, um...
Would you ever consider
coming to work on my campaign?
- What?
- We need a new
campaign strategist,
and the way you cut
through the noise
on my polling numbers,
I thought...
- David, I'm honored, but I...
- Just... think about it.
Okay?
- I'll think about it.
I promise.
Thank you for the coffee.
- Good luck on that project.
- So how do we steal a
necklace we can't touch?
- Not the way we planned.
- Is it time to
cut off his thumb?
- No, no, no. Just new plan.
Catalina Jewel.
- Yeah.
Oldie but goodie.
- Yes, yes. Chin down.
Oh, yes.
- Give me the ringer.
- Chin up. Chin up.
Oh, look at each
other just like that.
Nice. Beautiful.
- Sorry. Touch ups.
- What? What touch ups?
- I'm sorry. The
cuticle on his thumb
is driving me crazy. He
looks like a trucker.
- Well, fix it. Yeah.
Yeah. No truckers here.
Okay. Oh.
- Right here.
- Oh, it's hot.
- I know, but it's so worth it.
- Yes, another one
just like that.
There we go.
- What's wrong, Milos?
- It's the necklace.
It distracts from your
stunning decolletage.
- Oh.
You heard the man, Claude.
- Yes, of course.
- Yes. Yes.
Gorgeous.
I love it.
Oh.
Right there. Right.
Right there.
- Hey, Milos.
- Yeah.
- Step down two
and test that for me.
- Well, o... okay.
- What?
- My bad.
- So sorry that he
startled you, dear, but...
Startled her.
- I'm gonna go find a fuse box.
- Yeah.
Oh.
- What the hell happened
with the lights?
Something burning?
- Hey.
How are you?
Whoa.
Shh, shh, shh, shh.
- Ludwig, I thought
I told you to keep
Duchess out of the study.
- I thought the
assistant was supposed
to be fixing the fuse.
- So did I.
- You know, I think I'm lost.
- Hands.
- What are you doing in here?
- I was looking
for the sub panel.
- How stupid do you think I am?
- Yeah, oh, okay.
- What is this? What?
Why are you touching
my assistant?
- Caught him snooping
around in here.
Well, you
guys do well for yourselves.
- He's clean.
- Anyway, for the next shot,
I'm thinking staircase,
I'm thinking shadows.
- No, I'm sorry.
There will be no more next shot.
We're done here.
- I'm so sorry, Milos.
- No, no, no.
It is your husband
who should apologize.
My next shot was going
to be my masterpiece.
- Don't worry about it, Charlie.
We will figure something out.
Or Daphne can wait for
her first installment.
- She's not gonna have to wait.
Hi.
- You sneaky bastard.
- "A legacy you can count on."
What does that even mean?
- You're more than
a name, David.
You are part of a
political dynasty.
Plus, it tested through the
roof at the focus group.
- Maybe that's the problem.
- What are you talking about?
- If David has an
authenticity problem,
maybe it's because
you're trying to turn him
into the candidate
who polls well
instead of the candidate he is.
- You know what they
say about idealism?
It's impotent without realism.
- Pretty sure she
just quoted Nixon.
Seems right.
- Sorry about
ambushing you at work.
- Don't be.
It's just... Work's
been stressful.
- I hear that.
- I could use a drink.
- Oh, come on. We
must have drank
half their wine
collection as teenagers.
How could they not have noticed?
- Sometimes you see
what you wanna see.
- Hey, thanks for
having my back earlier.
And hey, if you decide
to come on board
as my campaign strategist...
- David.
- It's not just because
you're brilliant
at making sense of
stuff no one else can.
- You don't understand.
- It's because you're
the one person in this family
who actually has my back.
- David, I don't really
work for a logistics firm.
I work for the
government, same as you.
Pattern Logistics is
just a front for a...
A highly secretive
government agency.
- No way.
- It's why I'm so private.
Why I keep my compartments
so compartmentalized.
- Thank you for telling me.
This is nice, you letting me in.
- And for the record, you
were always like this.
Maybe you just found
a job that suited you.
- Come on, sweetie.
It was just part of the job.
- Oh, yeah?
You're gonna really
stand there and tell me
you didn't enjoy having
her fawning all over you?
- I didn't say that.
I said it was just
part of the job.
Come on. Come on.
Hey, it's not my
fault. I still got it.
- Hey, did she go
down without a fuss?
- Yeah, mostly. Hey, Pop,
you gotta stop teaching her
the sleight of hand stuff, okay?
Kid lifted my wallet... again.
- Good job with Duchess.
- Yeah.
Sniffed that one out quick, huh?
- Hey, guys.
I think we have a problem.
The diamond in the
necklace we just stole
is already stolen.
- What?
- So it's called
the Black Orlov,
and it was stolen
from a Hindu temple
back in the 19th century.
It's changed hands a bunch
of times throughout history.
- And now it's ended up in ours.
- Yeah, but how are
we supposed to fence
a stolen diamond?
- I don't know what
we're talking about.
Daphne's expecting
mid-six figures.
This necklace is the
only thing we've got.
- No, what we've got
is a stolen antiquity.
It is legit priceless,
but like Ma said,
we can't sell it.
- Okay, what if there's a way
that we can have our
cake and eat it too?
- Yeah? What are you thinking?
- You.
- You looking for a necklace?
- Where is the real one?
- It's safe.
- I can't believe this.
- What,
that I stole your necklace
or that I'm here to
sell it back to you?
Honestly, this is
not how I thought
it was gonna go down.
But once I realized that
it was actually stolen...
- It wasn't stolen.
It was a gift.
- A gift? Hm.
You know, last I checked, gifts
aren't normally laundered.
But you know, gift,
bribe, tomayto, tomahto,
whatever you wanna call it.
What your Russian oligarch
pal failed to mention
was that that
necklace is actually
a plundered cultural artifact,
one the Indian government
has been looking for
for quite a while now.
- What are you talking about?
- Oh, come on. You
know the story.
Colonialism, greed, corruption.
I mean, it's funny, isn't it?
How... how everything changes,
then yet nothing changes.
- Everything is stolen.
All that matters
is who has it last.
- Wow.
You should use that
in the article.
- What article?
- "The Washington Post."
They were very
moved by your offer
to return the diamond
to the rightful owner.
Oh, I should probably mention.
Got a hold of the
Indian ambassador.
Yeah.
She should be here
any moment as well.
How much do you want?
- Money's just money, right?
No, the only thing truly
priceless to a person like you
is your sparkling reputation.
So you can either be a hero
who returns a plundered
cultural artifact,
or you can let the world
see exactly who you are.
Hey.
- Hey.
I'm sorry about what I said
about this being a rebound.
I didn't mean it.
- Well, it had to
come from somewhere.
- I'm not good at this...
at letting people in, letting
people see the real me.
- Hey, look, I
get it, all right?
More than you know.
- With you, there is no hiding.
It's not just that
you see me, Charlie.
Sometimes it feels like
you can see through me.
And that's...
Scary.
- Why?
- Because you might be the
only person in the world
who does.
- Well, good morning.
- If you're going to ask
me about the relationship
status form...
- You were right about Daphne.
- Move up the plan.
Have your men
ready for delivery,
9:00 tomorrow
night at the port.
- So do you wanna reach out
to the FBI, or should I?
- You have something for me?
- Uh, as a matter
of fact, we do.
We now serve mojitos.
- And I think the words you're
looking for are "thank you."
- You don't even wanna count it?
- Judging by the
weight, I'd say you have
roughly $14.5 million to go.
But here's to a good start.
- Oh, that's... I like that.
That's... yeah.
- So we will do your bidding.
But I would be grateful
if you would leave
my daughter out of it.
Whatever ASL night school
classes you signed up for,
maybe it's time to drop them.
- You know, my
mother used to say,
the only thing more dangerous
than a man with nothing to lose
is a single mom with
everything to prove.
- You wanna give the
order, or should I?
- You know the drill, Vic.
- Right. You were never here.
Cut it.
- We're clear.
- Clear.
- Where's the shipment?
- Is that...
- The bug we planted.
- Damn. She played us.
- No.
She made us.
- Thanks.
- Ah, Cliffs of Moher.
I haven't seen those
since our honeymoon.
- Wait. Hold on a second.
You and Mom were in
Ireland on your honeymoon.
You're telling me that Cliffs
of Moher... this is Ireland?
- Last I checked.
She's his daughter.
Daphne is Patrick
Maguire's daughter.
- So, Pop, that's why
he trusts her, right?
And that's why someone like her
rises up through the
ranks so quickly.
I wonder why they're
keeping it a secret.
- I don't know, but
I think we just found
our vulnerability.
- Sláinte.
- Mm-hmm.
- I know who our enemy is.
Emma Hill.
I don't know which
agency she works for,
but considering they
planted an illegal bug,
my guess is, it's not the FBI.
In 72 hours, I brought
in $1/2 million in cash
without selling an
ounce of fentanyl,
and I've managed to
identify the woman
who wants to take us down.
Now do you believe
I have what it takes